- Hello, everybody. Welcome to the live stream. Glad to have you here. We're going to kick
off the show. It's awesome to have you here. Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes, where
we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds. This is episode 267, recorded
January 19th, 2022. That's it. I'm Brian Okken.
- I'm Michael Kennedy.
And we've got kind of a, I've got a cool green screen today.
- Oh my God.
I know some days we have cool stuff to talk about
and cool things to share, but you're taking it
to the next level.
You are live streaming and recording right
from the beach in Hawaii.
So.
- Yeah, I'm looking at it.
- I'm so jealous.
- Surfers right now.
So it's nice.
- It's, you could probably handle doing it more
than one week, right?
You could just do this for a while.
- Yeah, we should, I should move here
about a month every year, that'd be great.
- Yeah.
- But anyway, let's move on to our topics.
Michael, you wanna talk about boxes?
- I, you know, I really do wanna talk about boxes.
This is such a cool library that I found
and I don't remember where I saw it.
I think I just discovered,
I don't think this was sent in by a guest.
So here's the thing.
We have Python classes and we have dictionaries.
Where is all the data stored for most classes?
in the dunder dict, right?
Which is a dictionary of what is your field?
Here's its value.
Each instance of the class,
each object gets its own instance of that dictionary, right?
- Yeah.
- And yet when we have a dictionary,
we can't treat it,
we can't get the values of the dictionary
in the same way that we do have a class.
A class you say thing.field.
Well, wouldn't it be nice if you could go to your dictionary
and say it has a key.name, so just d.name.
and access it.
That's the basic idea behind this thing called Box
by C.D. Griffith.
And that was enough to get me interested
and think, all right, this is a cool idea
that I would love to play with
and maybe I should use it more.
But then I started to look a little bit further.
So if you go down here, it says, all right,
well, sometimes these keys,
they have a structure that won't allow you
to treat them that way,
like a space or a colon in the example of spaces and colon.
So for example, they have a key that is the name of a movie
and then data about that movie.
So Robin Hood spaces, colon men in tights with spaces.
And by default, it'll actually convert that
into something that you can use
by just replacing spaces with underscores
and colons just go away and stuff like that.
- Oh, that's awesome.
- You can still do that, which is cool.
But there's a lot more stuff.
It says, check out the Box GitHub Wiki,
which is right on the homepage,
the GitHub that I linked to.
And there's all sorts of things.
So they start by showing just the basic stuff,
like here's a box and you just,
you can create it through keyword values
or pass it a dictionary, it'll initialize out of that.
So they've got like funny movie equals something
and you just say my box dot funny movie,
just like it was a class.
And that was like I described the first thing.
However, there's more that you can do with it.
So if you go over to the types of boxes,
they have conversion box, default boxes,
box dots, camel killer box, which is awesome.
Frozen boxes, converters.
So not just only will it work in all these ways,
which I'm about to describe,
it will convert to and from dictionaries,
to and from JSON, to and from YAML,
to and from message pack and CSV.
Okay, so let's go to the types of boxes and check this out.
So by default, you get the conversion box,
which is what I described where there's a space,
it'll put an underscore.
- Yeah.
- All of them you can access in this key value way.
It's just a matter of what happens to the keys
if there's a way to make them more accessible.
But you can turn that off.
You can have, you know, a default dictionary, right?
Where if the thing is not there,
instead of throwing a key or it'll create
whatever you say the default is like,
create a list 'cause I wanna add up things
We're going to start with the number zero
because we're trying to count each one of those
as we build it up or something like that.
It can also be a default dictionary.
They call that a default box, which is cool.
It can also do what it calls box dots.
In a string, you can traverse the hierarchy
of the stuff contained in the box
through the dot notation.
You could say, myBox.a.b.c,
and it has this fluent interface where the thing that it returns from each level
is either a primitive thing like a number,
but if it's a sub dictionary, it'll return a sub box, I guess, right?
So you can keep going on it.
You can also then just say "a.b.c" to traverse that hierarchy as a string
if that's more programmable.
This one is great.
Are you working against an API or some data source
that is written in a different language style?
So especially I'm thinking C# here where it's not lowercase
and underscores as a separator,
but it's capitalization camel case.
Like the example they have is pesky and annoying keys,
which is capital P, capital A, capital A, capital K,
all one thing.
And like, if you're gonna say dot the thing,
well, guess what?
You're gonna have to write that in your code, right?
- Yeah.
- Unless you make it a camel killer box
and then it converts it to snake case,
pesky underscore and underscore and annoying and keys.
So if you program against an API
that's written in another language,
you can still do this Pythonic code,
which is that's amazing, right?
- Yeah, I like that.
That's great.
- I know it's a good, a good name.
Frozen box.
- I mean, I wouldn't, it's a fun thing.
I personally wouldn't recommend it
because then your code,
it's hard to look up the documentation
'cause it would be wrong.
Things like that.
- Yeah, maybe something more in the affirmative
like snake case converted or I don't know, whatever.
They've a frozen box, so it's unmutable and hashable,
which is pretty cool.
A recast, so if you put in strings to this key
and you want it to be numbers,
it'll always convert it to a float or whatever.
So those are all pretty awesome.
And then it'll even do things like put a prefix
for stuff that couldn't be valid,
non-quoted symbols, right?
You can say .name, but you can't say .327 name, right?
So you can say an X, so it's X317 or whatever.
All those things are pretty awesome.
Let me go back here.
The other thing is just the converters, right?
So there's all the converters you might,
so two dictionary, two YAML, two TOML,
and also from all those things,
which I think is pretty neat.
So what do you think, like it?
- Yeah, I do.
- And there's times where I've really had a,
wanted to conveniently just create something
with a dictionary, but I wanted to use dot notation.
So I've used like a name tuple or something like that.
And this is actually, this does it for you.
So nice.
- It's really nice.
And I've done stuff like that as well, where I'm like,
all right, I'm gonna create a new class.
It derives from dictionary and just give it a set adder,
get adder, so you can do the dot thing on it.
but this seems to have just so many more other features
on top of it that I don't think I'll ever do that again.
I'm just gonna use this box thing.
Seems so much better.
- Nice.
- Yeah. - It's cool.
- So I think there's just a few comments
that I gotta bring in.
- Yeah.
- Roman Wright out there points out
that the setting default box is not the default setting,
which is pretty awesome.
- Yeah.
- Chris May points out that for this,
someone needs to think outside this package
to get something outside the box, right?
to get to the really amazing and just, you know,
random brainer is a little bit jealous of your green screen.
- Hey, that Brandon's the one I had on as a guest
for testing code recently.
So, hi Brandon.
- Yeah, very cool.
- So, well, what's next is a mocking, sort of mocking.
So Adam Johnson has an article called
making simple mocks with simple,
making simple mocks with simple namespace.
And I had never heard of this.
So I'm really glad he wrote this article.
It's really pretty great.
Oh, do I have the wrong?
Oh yeah, let's just cover this one.
Need my notes.
Nevermind.
So Adam's actually been crushing it lately.
He's got a lot of recent blog posts.
So good job, Adam.
The simple namespace is pretty neat.
It comes from the type standard library.
So it's not an extra package you have to bring in.
which that's cool.
But one of the things,
so it's like normally we use unit test mock
or you can to mock something.
But one of the problems with mocks is by default,
if you misspell something, it's gonna be fine.
Mock just lets you do whatever attribute access you want.
And that's usually not something you want.
- Right, usually the mock is like,
let me just get in the way
and just let things keep working no matter what, right?
and does not do anything unless you say return this value
for this function call or something.
- Right, you can pass in specs.
And if you have a known object that you're mocking,
you use specs and that works.
But sometimes you don't need that much of stuff.
So simple namespace is a thing
that just lets you fill in attributes.
And then it works to access them.
It works kind of like a name tuple or something like that.
But the usage of it is super simple.
And then you can pass this around.
And so in the parlance of like testing,
this would be for a fake or a stub,
not really a mock 'cause you don't interrogate it.
But if you just need to fill it,
have something that walks like a duck
and quacks like a duck,
you can use one of these to create a duck
and have it get passed in.
It's pretty cool.
And super simple and really easy.
- Yeah. - Love it.
- It seems a lot like just what people
would have expected mocks to do if you described it.
- Yeah.
So he has a great quote.
"It's as simple as possible with no faff
"around being callable or tracking usage or something."
So in a lot of, sometimes with mocks,
you try to interrogate.
So you have a function call and you interrogate the mocks
to say, did it get called by my code?
These don't do that.
You can't do that.
But as long as, but you set it up
with the attributes you want, pass it through.
And it's pretty, just pretty neat.
I'm gonna use these all the time now.
- Yeah, it looks fantastic.
Very nice find.
All right, for the next one that I wanna talk about,
let's go to space.
- Space.
- And embedded things in space.
So this is pretty fun.
This is an article on ZDNet talking about Raspberry Pi.
So apparently the European Space Agency
has uploaded and installed and configured
two new Raspberry Pis.
And not just any Raspberry Pis,
they're these, is it Astro Pi?
That's what it is.
These are regular Raspberry Pi 4 boards,
Model Bs with eight gigs of memory
that have been hardened for space, okay?
- Wow, okay.
- And the whole goal of having them up here
is so that students and kids can write code
and run experiments and just play with automation,
but literally using the sensors
of the International Space Station
and actually writing Python code and machine learning stuff
that runs up there in space.
Isn't that cool?
- That's incredible.
- Yeah, yeah.
So apparently there's 500 student programming teams
in Europe who are all participating
in this thing called the European Astro Pi Challenge,
which is like an education focused competition
or startup or whatever.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Very cool.
Out of this world.
- It's out of this world, absolutely.
It's really cool to see Python in space, right?
And here's just more of it, right?
- And Raspberry Pis.
- I know.
- Because you can practice your stuff at home
and then have it go up there, neat.
- Yeah, very cool.
So you have things like the humidity reading
and the various sensors and things on there
that you can work with and then just do sciencey things.
I mean, when I was a kid, the science fair was like,
well, let's make a little volcano that erupts
and like oozes stuff out of paper mache.
And you know, these kids get to write code
that runs in space, that's next level.
- Yeah, I admit that I've never done
the volcano thing though.
I kind of, I should do that.
- Yeah, I haven't either very much.
I mean, I'm not a scientist.
I haven't either very much.
I mean, I did some paper mache thing
and I think I had a failed volcano once,
but that's about it.
Anyway, I just think this is really cool
and it's a neat use of Raspberry Pis.
It's a cool way to take
like a semi-modern computing environment,
put it somewhere neat where it has access to real,
the real world and let kids
and other researchers write code on it without going,
yeah, we're not gonna install your program on the ISS.
No thanks to that.
- This is so neat.
I'm blown away.
I would have never thought that something like this
was gonna happen in my lifetime.
It's nice.
- Yeah, yeah.
So many neat things.
All right, well, that's all I gotta say about that,
but definitely fun.
- So one of the things that new coders have to deal with,
and unfortunately it's hard to tell them ahead of time
how to deal with it, is tracebacks.
So tracebacks, they're just part of life with coding.
And Trey Hunter has a article called
reading Tracebacks in Python.
And it's a really great, simple introduction.
I love it.
One of the things I want to comment on is
just the order in which we teach people things.
And teaching people how to do Tracebacks
is something that it really needs to be early.
Maybe like right before testing
and right after the hello world.
But seriously, Tracebacks happen so fast
And when you start coding,
an assertion happens that you don't catch
and you get a trace back and people panic and go,
"Oh my God, I suck as a programmer."
And you don't, it's not overwhelming,
just kind of walk through it simply.
And that's what this article is about
is how to walk through it simply.
And so we're gonna,
if people are new to Python listening to this
or how to teach people,
just teach people to start at the bottom.
You read the last line first.
So the last line in a trace back
is the error message.
Let's scroll to one on here.
- Which is good to know because that's not true
for other programming languages.
The errors at the top and it's kind of inverted.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- I forget, but yeah.
So the last line is the exception
and then also the message for the exception if it's there.
And then you read up and the next two lines up are,
you've got a file name and a line number
and then a copy of what the line is.
And that's the place where the exception actually happened.
And these two double things, these two lines,
the line is called, what do you call it?
They're the stack trace, the stack, whatever.
- Oh, call stack?
- Yeah, this is the call stack.
- Even more so, 'cause you get lines within functions,
right, not just the-
- Yeah.
And then if you don't understand why you have an exception
there, you just keep going up.
You keep going up to, and sometimes the exception happened,
not in your code, but in some library call
that you went called.
So you're not gonna debug that.
So you have to debug your code.
So it's good to go up enough to where it's in your code.
And then if you can't figure it out, you just keep going up.
And this example is actually not obvious to me
what was going on.
So I'm glad he walks through it.
So Trey walks through how to read this
and it goes up to the fact that,
so this is the example has a type error
because you can't concatenate a string to an integer.
And that's weird because it doesn't look like
it's trying to do that.
But then he walks up to find out that
the function is actually taking the standard input
and passing it in as a number.
and one of the argv's and you have to convert it
to an int first.
But so that's a, I'm glad you used that example
because people new to command line interface coding
often forget that, that the input is usually a string,
even though if you pass in a five,
it's still gonna be a string with a five in it.
- Right, it looks like a number, but it's not a number.
- Yeah, so you have to convert those.
And a reminder here, this is user input, even in,
So in this case, it's not gonna be harmful
just to convert it to an int,
but even command line input is input from a user.
So you have to sanitize it if you need,
if you're doing anything like with a database or something.
- Absolutely.
Oh, that's great.
I think definitely that's the kind of thing
you need to start with when you're teaching people Python,
like almost before you teach them to code,
like how to, if you run into an error,
here's how you understand it a little bit
and here's how you Google it
or go about finding some way to fix it.
- Yeah, and if you start,
especially if you start at the top,
it's gonna be a mess
'cause if you've got a call stack like 50 functions deep,
hopefully not, it's gonna be a really big trace back
and you don't wanna try to untangle all of it.
Just start at the bottom.
- Yeah, absolutely.
And Dean out in the live stream says,
you know, when you use some Python wrapper
on top of a Java microservice
and you get a 500 line exception,
you're like, what have I done wrong to deserve this?
- Yeah, that's like the advanced version of this.
- Yeah.
- Speaking of advanced, how about some intrigue?
- Ooh, nice picture.
- Yes.
So you and the listeners may have heard of this person
who turned out to go a little bit bonkers
on their open source code,
luckily in npm and not Python, so JavaScript space.
So there's colors and JS,
which are two widely used no padding margin npm libraries
used for JavaScript and Node.js.
Well, this developer, Marek Squires,
first they thought it was a supply chain vulnerability
and somebody hacked the account,
but it turns out, no, no, no,
Marek intentionally corrupted both of his libraries.
So they ran an endless loop,
spitting out random political messages
while it would loop around
and just fill the screen with garbage.
So initially thought to be a hack,
but political and personal messages included in the code
and on his related websites indicate
that it may be the work of a disgruntled
lashing out developer.
- Wacky.
- Wacky, okay.
So that's not, I was not gonna cover that.
I saw that and I thought that that was pretty interesting.
And then Mike LaFontaine points out,
oh, Brian Krebs, the security guy,
I just noticed that this Myrec Squires
seems to be the same fellow who sabotaged
two of his own popular open source libraries next week.
And he links to an article in my post,
residents of Queen homes
with suspected bomb making materials
charged for some sort of like terrorism type of thing.
So the same person who sabotaged their npm packages,
than was it like in the process of making bombs.
And it just kind of shows you an interesting spectrum
of where all this stuff lands.
That's crazy, huh?
- Yeah.
Weird.
- Yeah, very weird.
Oh, I also forgot to point out,
this is an extra, extra, extra section.
So, short.
I got more stuff, but the first one is,
the guy that went and messed up all the stuff on NPM
and everybody's dependencies recently
has now been charged with creating bombs in Queens.
New York.
So yeah, there's that.
- Okay.
- Here's one that's really positive.
Andy Griffiths, don't know this person,
but they posted something incredibly simple
that is super helpful when you're building websites
and trying to design them.
You know, you can go to inspect element
and you can like hover over different parts of your page
and highlight and it'll show,
okay, this is actually the div here
that is containing this and it has a margin
and so that's why it looks like that.
- Yeah.
- This guy posted, "Hey, struggling with layout?
"Turn on CSS outlines, it's a superpower.
"And all you have to do is write this incredibly simple CSS.
"* is the CSS selector, outline colon 1px solid red."
And what you get is your entire site now highlights
all the elements on the page
so you can figure out how to style them.
And how they're laid. - Oh, that's pretty cool.
- Given the amount of work, isn't that amazing?
- Yeah, yeah.
- So I definitely think this is something
I'm gonna try to use when I'm working on design and stuff
'cause it's just so much easier than trying to hunt around
with the debug tools and then you reload the page
and it changes and all that.
So quick tip for people there who do web stuff.
Python 3.10.2 is out and there's actually a decent amount
of stuff shipped in it.
If I do some quick scrolly-scrolly,
I would say that's like 30, 40 changes and bug fixes
and so on.
- Wow.
- So things like fix hang in run test underscore MP
due to race condition or fix this thing in documentation
or fixed hash lib used for security option
to work correctly with the new version of OpenSSL.
Fix memory leak in pyval.evalcodex.
That sounds like it might be used a lot of places
and used in conjunction with the word memory leak.
That might be good to fix.
Anyway, I already installed this on all my servers
and have it running production
and nothing seemed to catch fire, so that's good.
- Yeah, very good.
- Yeah, so Python 3.10.2 is out, that's cool.
All right, one, I think one more thing.
Two more things.
Related, I'm doing a YouTube series
on a bunch of little short Python lessons
and I've got about 100 videos I want to make,
and I've made five of them,
and published or scheduled them to go out already.
So I've got a list, don't show me this thing.
Anyway, a bunch of little tips,
like parsing data with PyDandic,
or counting the number of occurrences of items in a list,
or you've got foreign loops,
convert them to list comprehensions.
These are all like four minute videos
that just teach you something really quick in Python.
So if people are interested in that,
they can click the link
and then subscribe to my personal channel,
not the Python Bytes YouTube channel, which is awesome,
but doesn't have this content to get more of those.
So that's fun.
- How do you find time for all this stuff, Michael?
You're like everywhere.
- I've been wanting to do some of these YouTube videos
and just try and explore some of the ways
in which people are like presenting and teaching coding
for like six months.
And I've just decided I'm just gonna take some days
and just gonna do it because I've been putting off
for like months, so there's that.
Speaking of time, I also am controlling our stream
and doing all sorts of fun stuff
with like this device called a Stream Deck,
which you may have heard of.
So the Stream Deck, you have one too, right?
But it's not in Hawaii.
Stream Deck is this little device here
that lets you basically set up a bunch of buttons
and control things, which is super fun.
And it's built for streamers and whatnot.
I decided to see what you could do
if, let's see, I pulled up the wrong link.
I decided to see what you could do around the stream deck
and software development.
So, so far I have two profiles,
one for PyCharm where you can control
all sorts of things like click a button
on your little device and it'll show your PRs
or switch the select modes.
You can write and call it multi-columns
and all sorts of stuff.
And then also one for Jupyter that are like launch Jupyter
and insert your standard imports and add cells above and below
and rerun them or show me the command palette and stuff.
So, yeah, that also has a video on it as well,
and people can check that out.
I've got this YouTube profile, not YouTube,
GitHub profile repository
where it has all the profiles for the Stream Deck.
So if you want to download it, play with it, customize it,
those are up there as well.
All right, that's it for all of my extras.
You got any yourself?
- Yeah, so I wanted to talk about,
so this is a cool article by David Amos.
So David's awesome.
He's one of the gang, the people at RealPython.
But the article's three things you might not know
about numbers in Python.
And one of the, I don't know where the line is.
Oh, it's near the top.
It's so awesome.
he's got a line that says,
there's a good chance that you've used a number
in one of your programs.
I think so.
- I could get behind that statement.
- Yeah, so one of the things that like strings have,
strings have functions attached to them.
They've got methods.
And I, you know, we know that it's kind of different
than other languages, but numbers do too.
And this is something actually I didn't,
didn't occur to me that,
that you can do like two bytes and stuff.
So there's, there's functions that you can call on a number.
There's a trick though.
You can't do like 255 dot two bytes.
You have to put it in a variable name
so that it doesn't think it's a decimal point.
And you also, or you can put parentheses around it.
So you can do 255 with parentheses around it
and then call to bytes or something like that.
So there's integers have two bytes,
so you can convert it to bytes.
You can use the class method from bytes,
and you can also do like bit length
and a bunch of other functions that are pretty cool
around integers, which is neat.
And then floats have their own methods.
Floats have like a, is an integer or is integer ratio,
or as integer ratio, so it'll convert it to an integer ratio.
So that's pretty cool.
- Oh, wow.
Like some sort of approximation in rational numbers like.
- Yeah.
So yeah, I don't have that example pulled up.
- No, that's cool.
- There's some, I'm-
- I have no idea about this stuff.
- Yeah, I've got a bunch,
there'll be some links in the show notes
to the Python documentation for these.
It's pretty nice.
Okay, so that's the first thing
that you should know about numbers is there's methods there.
So look them up in the documentation
and we'll have links to the documentation.
And then the second thing you should know about numbers,
second over the third is numbers have hierarchy.
So there's four abstract types in Python for numbers.
There's complex, real, rational, and integral.
So complex is the complex,
that most of them only have one type in it,
complex, the abstract type of complex has complex,
real has float, rational has fraction,
but integral has both int and bool.
So that's neat.
They're bool and int are related.
And then, but then we also have these decimals.
Yeah, so there's, I wanted to find his stuff on decimal.
Decimals don't fit.
So decimals have their,
they're not really part of this hierarchy at all,
but they're their own decimal class.
So there's not an abstract class, but that's okay.
Decimals are great.
And people should remember decimal is around
if you're working with money or something like that.
- Or super precise science.
- So these are good.
Also, because these are just normal types,
numbers are extensible.
Oh yeah, a comment about floats are weird.
Yeah.
- Floats are always weird on computers.
- Floats are weird.
- Yeah, the numbers are extensible.
Since these are classes, you can derive from them,
but he comments, which is good.
You have to be really careful
because if you want to extend a class,
there's a whole bunch of dunder methods
that you have to make sure work right.
So maybe you don't want to extend it, but you can.
You can make your own numeric types.
So this is the third thing.
Anyway, kind of a neat-
- I kind of wonder what you might actually
create those for.
I mean, maybe you might, well, maybe we'll create an integer
that has a bounds and is an error
if you try to make one too large or something.
- Yeah, I'm not sure.
- I'm thinking on the spot here, yeah.
Another thing that's amazing is a complex numbers
are natively built in the Python.
- Yeah, and that's really great.
And that's essential for a lot of scientific
and measurement work and stuff
is to have complex numbers around.
They're truly amazing.
All right.
Well, I think that's all.
I mean, I already did my extras.
I skipped your set here, your articles.
I asked you about extras.
Do you have any actual extras you want to cover?
- I don't have any actual extras.
- Have you had any dangerous encounters
with like warm water?
Have you maybe stubbed your toe on a rock
or was there a turtle that came by or?
You could run into like an eel.
There are eels in the reefs there
that you might want to stay away.
- So I've only been here a couple of days so far.
We've been, I've been swimming a couple of times right out.
Right, like you can, you have to look down,
not across to see the beach from where I'm staying.
And so I went swimming right here.
It's kind of fun because it drops off right away.
So there's a little beach and then it drops,
it drops deeper right away.
And that's, but it's not like a big current.
So you can swim really with only going out a few feet,
which is nice.
And then we went to another beach that was like shallow
for a long time, but then it had coral and stuff.
And that was really fun to scuba dive or to not scuba,
but a snorkel over and look around.
But if you're just wanting to walk out,
that coral's like tough to walk on and it hurts.
- Yeah, that stuff's super sharp, but beautiful.
- But having a lot of fun.
- Awesome, good to hear.
Well, I think we should round it out
with one or two things here.
We got some jokes.
Now I saw Josh out in the audience
and he sent in some jokes, which we'll make part of this soon,
but I didn't have time for this episode.
So we got four O'Reilly book covers.
I love these.
Not the O'Reilly, because you know the O'Reilly books,
they always have an animal and a title and whatnot.
So O'Reilly takes that and kind of puts a funny spin on it.
I'll do this first one.
We got four.
Maybe we could do two each.
So the first one here has a platypus on the screen.
It says the little subtitle is, the quote is,
"The original developer isn't here for a reason."
And the title is,
"Losing your will to live, a code maintenance guide."
(laughing)
- Yes.
- Written by the intern.
- The intern.
- All right, you wanna take this one?
- So the title is,
"Expert vague understanding of computer science,
probably be able to explain a sorting algorithm
if it ever comes up.
- Why? - By the practical dev?
- Yeah, by the practical dev.
Very good, very good, okay.
The next one is an elephant.
Very proud speaking out loudly.
It depends, the definitive guide.
The answer to every programming question ever conceived.
- It's a short book.
- All right, bring us home with this last one.
Okay, so works on my machine, the definitive guide,
how to convince your manager.
Yeah.
- I love it.
Very good, very good.
Well, Brian, everyone listening,
almost everyone is jealous.
I'm sure there's some people in Hawaii like, yeah,
I just go there every day,
but most of the people are probably jealous
where you get to record from today.
So thanks for making the time.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, it's fun.
Always fun to be here with the Python Bytes people.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Hey, before we end the stream,
the people in the audience are asking
if you can turn around your camera.
Is that possible or will it disconnect you?
- Do what?
- Turn the camera around. - They wanna see your view.
- Oh yeah.
- Oh man.
(laughs)
Dude, that makes it worse.
That doesn't make it better.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that's awesome.
- We picked up Liz, of course.
First time to Hawaii, had to.
- Yeah, cool.
All right, well, thanks again for taking the time
and thanks everyone for being here.
- Yeah, thanks everybody, bye.